
Python is a high-level, interpreted, general-purpose programming language created by Guido van Rossum (first released in 1991). "High-level" means you do not manage memory or hardware details yourself. "General-purpose" means you can use it for many things: web backend, automation, scripting, data processing, testing, and more.
Key features
Simple and readable syntax: Python uses indentation (spaces) instead of curly braces. Code looks almost like English.
Interpreted: You can run code line by line. No separate compile step is needed by the developer.
Dynamically typed: You do not declare a variable type. Python finds the type at run time.
Multi-paradigm: Supports object-oriented, procedural and functional styles.
Automatic memory management: Python has a garbage collector, so you do not free memory manually.
Large standard library: Often called "batteries included". Many tools (math, file handling, date and time, json) come with Python itself.
Cross-platform and open source: The same code runs on Windows, Linux and macOS.
CODE EXAMPLE
x = 10          # int
x = "hello"     # now str (allowed, because Python is dynamically typed)
print(type(x))  # <class 'str'>

HOW TO SAY IT IN THE INTERVIEW
"Python is a high-level, interpreted and general-purpose language. The syntax is simple and readable, so we can write less code to do more work.
It is dynamically typed, so I do not need to declare variable types. It supports object-oriented, procedural and functional programming, and it has automatic memory management through a garbage collector.
In my two years of experience I have used Python for [say your work: automation / backend APIs / data processing / testing]."

POSSIBLE FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS
-  Who created Python? (Guido van Rossum)
-  Is Python case-sensitive? (Yes. name and Name are different variables.)


Python is a high-level, interpreted, general-purpose , Simple and readable syntax 
,Dynamically typed , Multi-paradigm  , Automatic memory management , Large standard library , Cross-platform and open source programming language